♪ No matter what you're doing
No matter what you're playing ♪
♪ It's no matter what you're saying
'Cause we're doing it all the same ♪
♪ No matter where you are
Or where you're coming from ♪
♪ Put your hand on your heart
Don't wait ♪
♪ Yeah, you know that I, we, me, us
We're doing it all the same ♪
♪ No matter where you are
Or where you're coming from ♪
♪ Put your hand on your heart
Don't wait ♪
♪ Yeah, you know that I, we, me, us
We're doing it all the same ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[Zoe] And then it all went black.
I remember hearing Rosie crying,
Mom yelling something,
the sound of an ambulance,
then nothing.
But I'm okay. Totally okay.
A little shaken, but on the plus side...
Look, I got a bruise on my arm
that's in the shape of a dinosaur.
Now, Zoe, as your father,
it's my duty to tell you that going
after those thieves was dangerous
- and reckless and...
- I had no choice.
And seriously...
awesome.
[all laughing]
Do not tell your mother I said that.
Oh, I'll go get her.
You can tell her yourself.
No, no, no. Rosie, I... I didn't mean...
Mm.
We miss you, Dad.
I miss you, too, sweetheart.
- Mom said she'll catch up with you later.
- Later?
I gotta go to bed.
I'm missing out on my beauty sleep.
[giggling]
- I think it's a little too late for that.
- Wise guy, huh? [laughs]
Hey, show me... Show me that bruise again.
- Can you see it?
- Mm...
Brontosaurus. Uh...
T. rex.
Personally,
I think it looks more like a poop emoji.
Wow, you're right.
You have poop on your arm.
No!
Oh.
Well, hello mystery box
that I definitely didn't put there.
I know you have a million questions.
Why were you riding last night, Mom?
Is something going on with you and Elliot?
Elliot? [laughing] No. No.
We knew each other when we were kids.
I told him I wanted to try riding again.
He was just helping me out.
- You used to ride?
- A long time ago.
Why'd you stop?
Lost interest, I guess.
I lost my nerve, maybe.
It's been hard seeing you
fall in love with it the way I did.
It's just you and me, Mom. Tell me.
I used to have a horse.
- Emerald.
- [Rosie] Emerald?
E's a horse.
Gramps, it's all okay. E is just a horse.
- Okay, now it's just you and me.
- [chuckles]
- What happened to Emerald?
- There was an accident.
We were both badly hurt.
- Is that why you don't want me to ride?
- Open it.
That's why I was riding. I thought
if I could get over my own fears,
it would help me accept that you're going
to ride whether I like it or not.
You mean,
I can literally go to the stables,
get on a horse, no drama?
- Yes, but listen...
- Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh.
I want to learn everything.
I want to canter without stirrups,
- I wanna jump, I wanna go on beach rides.
- Zoe...
I... Maybe they can give me
a lesson this morning.
- Promise me you'll be careful.
- You got it.
- Bright Fields here I come!
- [sighs]
Oh. Oh, oh, oh.
Okay. Okay.
Hey, Ben.
Hey, Zoe. Check these out.
Aren't they cool?
Horse Thief Hero returns.
Ugh. Don't call me that.
I wanna have a cool superhero name.
The Equestrian Avenger?
- Tack-Man?
- Horse Thief Hero it is.
Wait till you see what Elliot's done.
There's security cameras
recording our every move.
Which would've been useful to know
before I picked Bob's nose.
- Looks like Ben's made some new friends.
- Yeah, with quad bikes.
Oh, my quad, Zoe, it's the worst.
He's lost all interest in horses,
he's not helping with Bob,
- and I can't do it all.
- That sounds drastic.
Is that the time?
Oh. No, Becky.
That's the date.
The time is right over there.
Even worse.
I'm late for my shift at the caf.
Right, Jade, you're looking after Bob.
Two feeds, plenty of kisses,
and whatever happens,
don't let him get bored.
I think I can handle Bob, Becky.
Don't worry.
That's what he wants you to think.
Watch it!
Out of the way, sis!
- To the yard.
- [Jade] To the yard.
[Zoe sighs]
We showed those horses thieves,
right, boy?
[Raven neighs]
Have you seen the cameras?
Infrared motion sensors,
a brand-new backup generator,
which means it will never go down.
State-of-the-art stuff.
It must have cost Elliot a fortune.
"Oh, no, nothing's too expensive
for my little girl.
My money keeps this yard going,
and Sam quivers with fear at my..."
- Hi, Sam.
- [gasps]
[Sam] Zoe,
it is so great to have you back.
Mm-hmm.
Have they caught the thieves yet?
Does Derek have any leads at all?
The police say they were just
opportunists. They won't be back.
Not that they could get in now,
even if they tried.
I have noticed.
Your mom called.
You've got a lesson with Marcus.
I'd take it myself, but I'm snowed under
with all the paperwork for the barn dance.
- I'll help. I love paperwork.
- It's true, she does.
Thank you. That would be great. Then I can
get on with tryouts for the horse show.
You guys have tryouts?
Yeah, the county show's a pretty big deal.
Yeah, this year the prize is £15,000.
Which would be a really big help
with the bills now.
- Holloway Riding School always beats us.
- No, not this year.
Do you think I could ride Raven?
I mean, we do have this bond,
and I figured it'd be great...
Nice try, Zoe. No.
My insurance doesn't cover
"girl squished by troubled horse."
You're not riding Raven.
That was pretty final.
At least she didn't hear
my Elliot impression.
And for the record,
I never quiver in fear in front of anyone.
[ATV engine revving]
Get on. [laughs]
[Rosie] Hey.
Okay.
I need a gift for my mom.
Something that says,
"Enough of England. Let's go home."
[Ben] This is so cool.
[engine revving]
How much for these?
Free. In exchange for some advice?
Yeah, my advice is pretty valuable.
What would you do
if Zoe stopped caring about horses?
I'd call everyone I know
and throw a massive party.
If Ben keeps trying to be cool with
his new friends, we're gonna lose Bob.
I haven't got time to work here
and look after our horse.
- Easy. Ditch the stinky horse.
- Never.
Okay, then why don't you
just talk to Ben about it?
I never see him anymore.
- [Ben] I can't see a thing.
- [Rosie] You miss him?
No.
Okay, maybe a little.
At least I'm not the only one
with family issues.
Okay, if we wanna fix this
then we need to show Ben
that horses are much cooler than ATVs.
- How?
- Leave that to me.
I have a plan.
I've made three piles.
The country show pile,
the barn dance pile,
and I'm calling this one the "scary" pile.
It looks like bills.
- Is Bright Fields in trouble?
- They're... Um...
It's personal.
It's nothing to worry about.
Thank you for this. You're a lifesaver.
I'll go get on with the show tryouts.
Yours is at 11.
Thank you. I know I probably
won't make it again, but...
What did we say about positive thinking?
Oh, there's some emergency chocolate
somewhere around here.
If you can find it, it's all yours.
[Bob neighing]
All right, Bob. I get it, you're bored.
But...
look.
Here's a video of horses and ponies.
[neighing]
I don't know
what Becky was so worried about.
Keeping you entertained is easy.
[cell phone buzzes]
Right, time for tryouts.
I'm going to make it this year, Bob.
Positive thinking.
Okay, right.
Now, no getting bored, Bobble-chops.
- How's Sparkles looking on camera?
- Gorgeous.
I can't believe
your dad bought you another horse.
Ha. Well, I'm worth it.
Oh, Zoe. [scoffs]
Where'd you find that old hat?
Loving the vintage look, Zoe.
I think we could probably find
a corset around somewhere.
It was actually my mom's.
Oh, how sweet.
[Marcus] Hey. You can wear what you want.
You chased off a gang of horse thieves.
Who does that?
It was just an average Wednesday night
for us Americans.
Yeah, well, now we've got
a wonderful new security system.
We don't need any more heroics.
Yeah, Super Zoe can stand down.
Well, Mia,
next time your horse needs saving,
feel free to use the Super Zoe signal,
yeah?
Susie. Come on, it's time for my tryout.
Hey.
So, are you actually allowed
to train today,
or is your mom gonna yell at me again?
Okay, that... was one time.
Okay, we'll start you off slowly today
and work on your foundations.
- Stick to a walk for now.
- Are you kidding?
A walk? No, no, no. I galloped.
- You can't make me walk.
- Um. Yes I can. Walk on.
But I found my thing.
You know how many people
spend their lives looking for their thing?
I'm literally sitting on mine.
Please?
Don't hold me back.
There you go. Good.
Now, this is called an active walk.
This is called a bored girl
on a bored horse.
[sighs] This is riding. It's a process.
A foundation.
Process-smocess. Come on, Marcus.
I want to ride.
Just let me go over the jump,
and then I'll be quiet.
Horses are wild animals, Zoe.
You need to learn respect.
And you need to learn to respect
the wishes of the Horse Thief Hero.
You have a lot of natural talent...
but we need to get
the building blocks in place first.
They are in place.
Still need to respect the rules, Zoe.
You wanna know what I say to you
and your rules?
[Zoe clicking tongue]
Zoe.
Do not go over that jump, Zoe.
But you're right.
We should just keep walking around.
Marcus, you ready for your tryout?
Jade's finished, and I've got
my appointment on the mainland in an hour.
I'm there the rest of the afternoon.
I can't be late.
Cool. I think we're done here.
Zoe, will you tack up Raven?
Are you serious?
Not to ride. Just getting used
to a saddle. I wanna keep working on it.
Oh.
- Right.
- Till next time, Horse Thief Hero.
All right, Major.
Well, I guess we're done for the day.
Come on.
Bye.
[chimes]
[neighs]
You sure this is gonna work?
Trust me. Everything I touch turns
to glitter and sparkles.
I can see that.
- Did you call Ben?
- They're on their way.
Hey, Jade, just in time.
Take me to my horse.
- He has a special quest ahead of him.
- I don't know what you were talking about.
Bob's been as good as gold.
See you, Rosie.
Back in a hack.
- Hey.
- Hi.
So...
we're just gonna try this out, okay?
If it works, it works. If it doesn't...
it doesn't. All right.
- [neighs]
- See?
I know it feels weird,
but you are doing really well.
Wanna push it a little further?
Let's try it.
Okay. Almost done.
Hey, hey, hey.
You see?
[neighs]
I guess there's one more thing
we could try.
Can't believe you've done so well
with Bob.
I thought you'd really struggle.
No offense.
No, looking after him
has been a piece of...
cake.
Bob, what have you done?
[Bob neighs]
- He's eaten Sam's emergency chocolate.
- At least he left some for me.
Come. Let's show the world
how much horsepower you've got.
- I'll just clear up in here then, shall I?
- I think you'll need to.
Sam will flip if she sees this mess.
"Raven."
No way.
Surely one little ride
around the paddock won't hurt.
Hello.
- What's this?
- Looks like a race.
Good guess, Einstein.
Too right it's a race.
I'm gonna show your mates
that when it comes to horses and bikes,
horses win every time.
Yeah, that's right.
Her horse will outpace you guys
in a heartbeat.
Wait. You're using Bob?
- Of course.
- Is that even a horse?
Looks more like a hairy cow.
[Bob neighs]
- This is pointless. Let's just go.
- No way, this is gonna be hilarious.
You don't have to do this.
- Yes, I do.
- Come on. Let's show them.
Just... do your best.
Positions, please.
- [neighs]
- Hey. Hey, it's okay.
We did it, Raven.
I'm so gonna kick your butt.
Kick butt all you want...
- I'm wearing padded pants.
- Please, stop her.
It's a little too late for that. Ready...
set...
go!
Faster, Bob, faster.
Come on, Bob. Come on.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Bob.
Bob!
[Raven whinnies]
Raven, stop!
Zoe, what are you doing?
[Zoe] Help!
Is that my sister?
Stop it, Raven!
Whoa, okay, okay.
Raven, stop it!
[engine stops]
Sure hope she knows what she's doing.
Do you think I could get riding lessons?
In your face, quad bikers.
- Zoe totally saved the day again.
- I'm not sure she meant to.
Zoe, hang on!
[Zoe] Where are you taking me?!
Raven, stop!
Whoa, whoa! No, no.
No, no.
[grunts, whimpers]
[gasping]
Why are you doing this?
What's wrong with you?
Why can't you just listen?
This is what happens when you push things.
I told you. I warned you.
You need to learn the basics first.
He's not ready. And neither are you.
- I'm so sorry.
- Raven could've been hurt.
- And you could've been.
- I know, I know. Okay?
You can ride back with me on Monty,
if you like.
- We're going on the roads.
- Thank you, Marcus, but...
I think I'm just gonna walk, okay?
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
I'm fine.
You're shaking.
- Did something happen at the stables?
- Um...
Raven took off with me.
I was so scared.
- Wait, Sam put you on Raven?
- No, I kind of did.
You rode him without permission?
- Yup.
- Oh, Zoe.
This is all my fault.
Why?
This is Emerald.
Your horse.
I had a fight with your grandma.
A silly fight.
And I rode out on Emerald during a storm.
I should've turned back,
but I had something to prove.
So, we rode on.
But we were going too fast and...
he slipped, and I fell off him.
What happened?
He got me home.
But...
he broke his leg. [sighs]
My friend came...
stopped him hurting.
Emerald died?
And afterwards...
things were never the same.
I felt so guilty, so angry.
I lashed out at everyone.
Mom didn't know how to help.
There was a book in your room.
She wrote in it:
"The light will come through again."
But it didn't.
Not till I left this place.
Maybe it still hasn't.
I should've told you earlier.
Then you'd have understood.
Riding is dangerous
if you don't respect the horse.
I'm going to tell Sam
I don't wanna ride again.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, I'm sure.
You know what, sis? You were right.
Horses are way cooler than quad bikes.
Mind putting him back
and giving his bum a clean?
Nothing would make me happier.
That's so sweet. [chuckles]
And so disgusting.
Becky, I officially take it back.
Bob is impossible.
You guys are made for each other.
- Aww. Thanks, Jade.
- [laughs]
Rosie. I just wanted to say, um...
I know, I know. When it comes
to getting people back together,
I have an incredible gift.
I was just gonna say thanks,
but, yeah, sure. That, too.
- Bye, guys.
- [Jade] Bye.
Next stop,
getting Mom and Dad back together.
- Zoe.
- Hey.
I found something earlier. Look.
- Is that...?
- Raven.
- With...?
- Ted.
I don't understand. Pin has never said
anything about owning Raven.
Well, it's definitely his dad.
This photo was taken outside their house.
Hawthorne.
- Why would Pin lie to me?
- Maybe he's covering for someone.
I found it in Sam's office
along with a lot of unpaid bills.
Which explains why she needs us
to win the county show.
- [Becky] It's up.
- The team list has been posted.
Come on!
[Becky laughs]
Good news.
Me and Bob made the dressage event.
We're gonna plan something so special.
Look out, world, Bob's coming for you.
"Marcus, Mia, Susie, Jade..."
Wait, what?
I made the show-jumping team.
But she didn't even do a tryout.
This is completely unfair.
I won't stand for it.
It's my horse. Where's Sam?
I hope you're feeling heroic. Come look.
[Zoe] I made alternate...
with Raven.